ROVIO SERVICES PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated: December 6, 2023
This notice explains how Rovio Entertainment Corporation (referred to as “we” in this notice) collects, stores, uses, or otherwise processes the personal data of end users of our Services as defined below (referred to as “you” in this notice), and what rights you have if we are processing your personal data.

In this notice, “Services” refers to our Games, Websites, and any related services or properties we control; “Games” refers to our games, applications, and other products, including Angry Birds games and many others; and “Websites” refers to websites and other online properties we control, including https://www.rovio.com, https://www.angrybirds.com, and https://www.redsclub.com. The expression “your data” is used when referring to personal data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable individual.

This notice applies to all our Services, unless a separate notice is supplied with a particular Game or other Service. Where a separate notice is supplied, that notice applies instead. In addition, our Services may link to or otherwise allow you to navigate to properties controlled by third parties. Please consider that this notice does not apply to properties controlled by third parties and that the operators of those properties may collect and use your data following their own policies.

It is important that you read this notice before accessing or using the Services so that you are aware of how and why we may use data relating to you. While many sections include a short summary which provides an overview of their content for convenience and ease of reference, we recommend that you read this notice in its entirety. In addition to this notice, we encourage you to carefully review our Terms of Service, which govern your use of our Services.

1 Data controller
By “data controller,” we mean an entity that determines how and why personal data is processed. With regard to the activities described in this notice, we are the data controller. Our company name is Rovio Entertainment Corporation. Our address is Keilaranta 7, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland.

While operating the Services, we may share your data with partners we work with. Some of these partners are data controllers independently of us and, therefore, independently determine how and why they process your data. For more information on these partners and the ways in which they may process your data, please refer to section 6 of this notice.

2 Contact information
In matters related to this notice, you can reach us by email at privacy@rovio.com.

We have also designated a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) to oversee our data protection related matters. If you have any questions or concerns about the way we use your data, you may contact our DPO by email at dpo@rovio.com.

3 Why do we process your data and on what basis?
We may use your data for various purposes in connection with our Services. To have a complete view of these purposes, please press the plus sign. If you are looking for a summary at a glance, we hope the following is useful:

When you use our Services, we process your data in ways that enable us to provide the Services to you (for example, saving your game progress).
Your data also enables us to provide related services (for example, account services and support), to maintain our Services (for example, by troubleshooting issues you encounter or moderating our Games), and to improve the Services (for example, by running surveys to get your feedback).
Moreover, we may show ads to you in our Games or advertise our Services to you on third-party properties, and may use your data to make this possible and to make those ads relevant to you.
From time to time, we may need to use your data for other purposes such as fraud prevention, auditing, or compliance.











3.1 Advertising
Advertising funds our Services and enables us to make our Games available free of charge. In our Games, we show our own ads and also ads from third parties. We also advertise outside of our Services on third-party properties such as websites or applications. In both scenarios, we and our advertising partners typically use pseudonymous identifiers related to your device to select ads which are relevant to you, to measure the effectiveness of advertising, and other related purposes. Where allowed by applicable laws and regulations, by using the Services you consent to us sharing your data to our advertising partners (listed here) for interest-based advertising and other related purposes. You may manage your preferences in the settings of our Games or your device. For more information on how we and our advertising partners may use your data for advertising purposes, and how you can control the use of your data for these purposes, please press the plus sign.








3.2 Cookies and similar technologies on our Websites
Like most websites today, our Websites may use cookies or similar technologies (for example, local shared objects or web beacons).

A “cookie” is a small file your browser stores when told to do so by a website. Cookies can be set by either the website you visit (“first-party cookies”) or a third party involved in providing content, functionality, or services such as analytics or advertising for the website you visit (“third-party cookies”). Cookies are typically used to identify or “remember” your device, for example to enable functionality, facilitate audience measurement, improve performance, or store your preferences.

When you visit our Websites, you may be prompted to make a choice regarding cookies. Some cookies may be strictly necessary for the operation of the Websites. These cookies will be used and stored on your device independent of your choices regarding other types of cookies. You can also control the use of cookies using your browser or device settings, for example by disabling some or all cookies or configuring your browser or device to notify you when cookies are being set. However, please consider that disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the Services.

4 What data do we process?
When you access and use our Services, we may collect information you submit to us or through the Services, for example when creating an account, sending messages in the Games, or contacting us for support. We may also automatically collect information about your use of the Services and the device you use to access the Services, including identifiers such as an Advertising ID. When you see our ads outside of our Services, we may collect information about your interactions with those ads. We may use the data we collect to infer other data, for example about your content preferences. To find out more, please press the plus sign.



5 Where do we collect your data from?
Primarily, we collect data directly from you or your device when you use our Services. However, we may also receive data about you from other companies, for example third-party login providers if you choose to use them, companies that facilitate the purchases you make in our Games, or advertising partners involved in delivering our ads to you outside of the Services. To find out more, please press the plus sign.



6 Who do we share your data with?
As we operate the Services globally, your data is likely to be transferred to and/or processed in countries other than your home country when you access or use our Services. Where allowed by applicable laws and regulations, you consent to the transfer of your data outside of your home country by using the Services. We routinely share data within the Rovio group and to our service providers and partners who we work with to provide the Services. By design, some information (such as your in-game alias or chat messages) may also be visible to other users of our Services. More rarely, we may need to share data when making changes to our corporate structure, when required by applicable law or regulation, or when necessary for our legal rights or someone’s vital interests. To find out more, please press the plus sign.




7 How long do we keep your data?
We will keep your data for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose(s) for which it was collected, including to provide you with the Services or to comply with any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may periodically delete or de-identify inactive accounts or other data in our Games or other Services.

After the applicable retention period, we will either delete or de-identify your data or, if neither deletion or de-identification is possible (for example, due to data being stored on a backup server), isolate your data from further processing until deletion or de-identification is possible. We may continue to use data that is not identifiable to you (for example, aggregate data). We will not attempt to re-identify you when using such de-identified data.

8 How do we keep your data secure?
We have adopted measures to provide your data a level of security appropriate for the degree of risk involved with the processing activities described in this notice. These measures are designed to protect your data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration as well as unauthorized disclosure or access. The specific measures we employ vary, but typically include, for example, encryption in transit, pseudonymization of identifying data where feasible, controls to limit access to services or systems that contain personal data, and maintaining procedures to handle any suspected security incidents. Please consider that, despite our efforts to secure your data, the internet is an inherently insecure environment and we cannot guarantee absolute security for your data.

9 Your rights
You have a number of rights to your data under applicable laws and regulations. If we are processing your data, you may ask to use these rights. For example, you may ask to access your data, to request its deletion, or to withdraw consent where applicable. Please check the settings menus of our Games to find options to use these rights, or contact us at privacy@rovio.com. To find out more, please press the plus sign.










10 Region-specific information
10.1 California residents
If you are a California resident, please be aware that under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”), you are entitled to receive specific information on how we process your data. You also have specific rights to your data, including the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. To review this specific information and familiarize yourself with your rights under the CCPA, please review our Supplemental Privacy Disclosure for California Residents.

10.2 South Korea residents
If you are a resident of the Republic of Korea, please review our Supplemental Privacy Disclosure for South Korea Residents in addition to this notice.

11 Children
Our Services are generally intended for adults and designed primarily with adults in mind. When you access and use our Services, we may ask you to confirm your age to us or your age may otherwise become known to us. If we discover that you are a minor or do not meet an age threshold we apply, we may take steps to limit, suspend, or terminate your access to the Services where we believe that to be necessary due to applicable regulatory or platform requirements or to provide you with an appropriate experience. If your access to the Services is not suspended or terminated, we will limit the use of your personal data to what is necessary for the internal operation of our Services and other uses permitted by applicable laws, regulations, and platform policies. This may include removing access to certain parts or features of the Services.

12 Changes
We may update this notice from time to time, for example due to changes in our operations or the legal obligations that apply to us. Updates will be made available here. We may also inform you of any changes by other means that are appropriate to the significance of the changes.